# Assignment 4 (due Wed Mar 26th, 11:59p)

The goal of this assignment is to provide you with an 
opportunity to practice problem solving with priority
queues and other sequential data structures.  

You are free to use any resources available to you, including 
the internet, however you should be **writing all the code yourself**.
Keep in mind that the goal of this assignment is to help you
develop your problem-solving and programming skills.  

You are not allowed to copy code from other students or 
share your code with other students.

> [!CAUTION]
> Remember, academic integrity is of utmost importance.  Any attempts at
> cheating or plagiarism will result in a forfeiture of credit.  Potential
> further actions include failing the class or referring the case for
> disciplinary measures.

The assignment is worth a total of 100 points.
If you have any questions or need assistance, please 
don't hesitate to reach out to us during office hours or post 
your questions on [Ed](https://edstem.org/).

## Problems

All problems are available via the 
[Kattis](https://uri.kattis.com/courses/CSC212/Spring25) platform. 
Details on how to get access, join the assignments, and submit 
your solutions were provided via an Ed announcement (*Assignment 0*).  

Problems are numbered from A to H, ordered by difficulty.

## Submission and grading

This assignment relies on the automated evaluation provided by Kattis.
Once you are finished with the problems, you **must** submit 
the files listed below via [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/) 
to record your grade. Both Kattis and Gradescope will remain open 
until the deadline.

The following files are required for submission, using the exact
filenames provided here:

    - `problem-a.cpp`
    - `problem-b.cpp`
    - `problem-c.cpp`
    - `problem-d.cpp`
    - `problem-e.cpp`
    - `problem-f.cpp`
    - `problem-g.cpp`
    - `problem-h.cpp`
    - `screenshot.png`
    - `llm-disclaimer.txt`

The `.cpp` source files are your solutions to their respective problems. 
If you have partial solutions or solutions that were not accepted by
Kattis, you should still submit them.  For the problems you have 
NOT attempted, you DON"T need to submit a file.

The `screenshot.png` file should be a screenshot of the Kattis 
results page showing the total score you achieved.  
This is **mandatory** and will be used to determine your grade.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Ensure the screenshot clearly includes your **name** and the
> list of problems with an accepted solution.  Otherwise you won't
> get credit.

The `llm-usage.txt` file should contain a brief statement
indicating whether you used a Large Language Model (LLM) to
help you solve any of the problems.  If you did, please provide
a brief description of how you used it, and which LLM you used.
If you did not use an LLM at all, please indicate that in the file.
